and now we're gonna do one for anxiety
so I'm gonna teach you guys a technique
called kapalabhati and kapal Bhati means
bellows breath I think we've done it on
streem before it's really hard to teach
over the Internet but we're gonna try
so what Koppel pytheas is a sequence of
forceful exhalations followed by passive
inhalation so I'll give you guys an
example but just watch me
you
it's kind of hard to see because I'm
wobbling my desk but like I'm
contracting my stomach forcefully so
what I want you guys to do is try to
have a sharp exhalation and then sharp
exhalation again and then sharp
exhalation again but let's start
you
okay you guys try it so what you're
gonna what you're going to see is that
like you're gonna run out of breath
after a few exhalations do the nose
you're gonna run out of breath you could
do like two or three without running out
of breath and then you're out of breath
and then you're gonna notice like a
rebound you're going to notice like a
rebound inhalation
it's hard to describe
you guys gotta get not getting it
confused
you
so now we're gonna do it together so I
want you guys to close your eyes and
we're gonna do ten exhalations with sort
of the the rebound inhalation are you
breathing between breaths you are
there's a passive inhalation that's hard
to figure out it's it's kind of like a
recoil that's the best way I can
describe it
right so try to find it so what I want
you guys to do is do 10x elations if you
run out of breath with the exhalation I
want you to inhale
inhale because you have to to keep
exhaling you can't exhale ten times in a
row without inhaling but let your focus
be on the exhalation
and give yourself like half a second to
inhale
okay so
let's let's go again let's you so close
your eyes and we're going to do ten
exhalations
you
Yzerman
now we're gonna do 24 deep breath in
and begin
you
now we're going to do 30 breath in
actual
self's it with Spacely
you
all righty
let yourself slowly come back
I was just saying that the space after
the practice is the whole point
actually the breaths themselves
but after you're done with that last
breath of 30
just sit with the way that you feel
there
that's the whole point it's actually not
the exhalations it's the post practice
you
sorry for being too far away from them
how do y'all feel
you
hey good
Yeah right so relaxed and focused slowed
in a good way
in some people
our ferry experiencing some negative
things right some people are feeling
tightness some people are feeling
constriction that's fine to just let
that experience happen if you're feeling
constriction I want you to take a deep
breath and breathe into the area of
constriction
breathe into your chest
you
and if you even in the back of your neck
like as you take a deep breath in notice
your vertebra expanding
each breath your vertebra and the
injured spine they grow I literally rise
in my chair
you
this exercise can help with it
absolutely
the first practice that we did was for
ego it's more of a spiritual practice
less physiology to it the second
practice is for anger or anxiety or even
depression but really anxiety because
the anxious mind wants to move fast
right that's what it does there's a lot
of energy in the anxious mind an anxious
breathing is also fast you guys should
see the watch the thing that we did with
Anna we did a whole thing around anxiety
in the mind and sort of talked about how
anxiety exists in the mind and like
literally what it is and how to overcome
it because anxiety is a pattern of the
mind and understand it in the way that
Jane was talking about like understand
things like try to like understand like
literally what it is
and so this is gonna it's gonna start by
speed it's gonna meet your mind where it
is which is very fast and then it's
gonna kind of slow it down
so you don't want to force the anxious
mind to be calm
you kind of want to like run with it for
a little bit and then as you start to
slow down your anxiety is gonna slow
down too
it's like if you have a if you have a
dog that's like super excited and
running in circles if you start running
with the dog the dog is gonna run with
you and then if you stop like if you
start to slow down then the dog is gonna
slow down do but if you try to get the
dog to sit still if it's excited excited
it's not gonna work so you've got to run
with it and then slow yourself down and
it'll slow down with you
you